---
layout: post
title: It's that time of the year
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

It's that time of the year again: career fair and interview season. Everyone is frantically preparing and going to info sessions, while still trying to juggle classes. We got a nice break this week in class by having a representative come see us, as opposed to us students seeking them out. A guest speaker from Bloomberg came and gave a talk about his company, their history through the tech industry, and what they do. What I enjoyed most about the talk was his input on what should/shouldn't be on resumes, how to interview, and his demo of Bloomberg's Terminal.

The following class day, we talked about C++ exceptions, and how they differ from Java Exceptions. In Java, you can throw anything that is concidered throwable: IOExceptions, FIleNotFoundExceptions, etc. In C++, you can throw anything, whether it'd be integers, strings, or actual errors. This gives a lot more power to the user to control how their program works when something goes wrong, which I find desirable. 


**Tip of the Week**

So this week, I migrated my entire blog (heads up to those who are clicking the links to my past posts on piazza). For those who are interested in doing the same thing so that they can use their github.io page for their own personal landing page, keep reading.

First of all, check out the Project Page section at this link: https://help.github.com/articles/user-organization-and-project-pages/

Given any repository, if you give it a branch called "gh-pages", and have an index.html page in that branch, then the page becomes available at <GITHUB_ID>.github.io/<REPO> . So, in my case, I migrated all my blog entries into a "blog" repo, gave it a gh-pages branch, and altered the base path in my _config.yml file so that it is no longer ROOT but "blog/". So now, my blog is located at kahlih.github.io/blog (as opposed to kahlih.github.io). 

If you think about it, this could also be used for our projects. If we have a gh-pages branch for our repo, and have the html file generated from doxygen, we could view our documentation in real time. Just some food for thought...