---
layout: post
title:  Life
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

This past week marked the start of our final project: Life. The game of life is basically a grid of "Cells" that can chage state (become alive or dead) given certain conditions of other surrounding cells. In our version, they can also mutate to become different types of Cells. There are multiple different design concepts arising in this project that we didn't get to tackle in the previous assignment, the most important being that of Inheritance and 'Handle' classes.

This past week, we also had two people (David Pope and Steve Ronderos) from Atlassian come in and give a talk about the software development process. I truly enjoyed their talk, although it was the same one they gave for my softare engineering class last semester. Why? Because it was a talk centered around two of their main products: Jira and HipChat. They discussed the process of how they went about solving a problem in HipChats messaging system, first starting out with researching the problem, then assigning a difficulty to the problem, then tracking the progress with Jira, then executing a solution! Pretty cool discussion, although it does leave me to wonder if Atlassian uses Jira itself to track bugs/issues that arise in Jira........

**Tip of the Week**     
The game of life has been implemented before. With that in mind, there are multiple sites that have grids and examples of evolutions of ceratin boards. This is one of them: http://pmav.eu/stuff/javascript-game-of-life-v3.1.1/
