---
layout: post
title:  For Da-win
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

This week was the conclusion of our third project: Darwin. Darwin definately taught me some learning curves I didn't expect, the most important being the fact that you should take time to design a solution before coding. In short, take a step back before you hit the ground running.

There is a new rule in Downing's classes this semester that I didn't catch on the syllabus up until now: there won't be any dropped quizes. Thankfully, I've been a good girl this semseter, and haven't intentionally skipped out on classes unless necessary (for instance, interviews). However, it does leave me uneasy about the prospect of my standing grade. Downings quizzes aren't generally a breeze, so missing one could hinder your grade even more.

This next upcoming, final project is entitled 'Life'. I have yet to start it, but I've heard through the grape vine there are similarities between it and Darwin (for instance, we'll still be working on a grid/board). After the experience I've had with Darwin, I'm definately going to preliminary work before I get with my partner and start.

**Tip of the Week**
Downing emphasizes writing tests before you write code. I've always done quite the opposite, and it ended up biting us in the butt this week upon project submission. Once I designed some tests, I realized there were errors in our 'what we believed to be' finished program. End result was, we spent many hours bashing our heads trying to understand what was wrong. Now my general rule of thumb: write tests first, and catch the problem early.
