---
layout: post
title:  
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

Alright, I am definately writing this blog post a tad late .... like +7 days late (so embarassing!). So, I definately have a lot to catch up on. Here it goes:

The Game of Life is now completed, and I must say, it was a lot easier than Darwin was. I also found what I learned to be more beneficial than Darwin. For Darwin, the project was basically a massive switch statement to handle all of the different "Instructions" a species would have. For the Game of Life, we used abstract classes, mutations, and gained understanding between the concept of 'Deep' copying vs 'Shallow' copying. 

In class this week, we entered the realm of reflection, which has to be my most favorite topic of the year thus far, probably because I've never used it before. To give an overview, reflection is a way of determining what (unknown) object you are handling at runtime. The interesting this, however, is that while Java has reflection, C++ does not. Thus, Downing presented to us a way of implementing reflection in C++ utilizing a map to store all instantiated class names, and to retreive them when needed.

The final Test of the year is coming up, and I am more nervous about it than the previous exam. I think this is because the topics on the past exam seemed more 'testable' than the topics covered in the second part of the course. For the last exam, I had an idea of what to study: iterators, templated classes, iterable classes, algorithms, etc. For this exam, I'm not too sure: know how to implement a stack/queue, write a handle class? I'll just stick to reviewing and coding what he posted on piazza, and hope for the best.


**Tip of the Week**     

Choose partners wisely.     
I thankfully had the pleasure to work alongside 4 amazingly smart and friendly people for my projects this semester, and I couldn't be more greatful. It definately will releave a level of stress from your already hectic workload.

