---
layout: post
title:  The Last Leg
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

This past week marked the conclusion of my final week in Object Oriented Programming, as well as our last test. The test this week was slightly different that the format of his previous tests because we had to take it via Canvas, answering the questions with a built-in text editor. I personally did not like this particular format for many reasons:     
  - There was no side-by-side viewer. So I couldn't view the question while typing my answer. Everytime I needed to view the question again, I had to scroll up, and then back down to the work I was typing on. This is something that could of been avoided had it been a paper exam.     
  - Only till the end of the exam did I realize that we could of enabled preformmated code-block text. It would of been nice to maybe of had a practice question before the exam to understand the layout and gain exposure to it. So, instead, I was using the normal built-in text editor that had no left-indent enabled, which meant I was doing a lot of spaces for indents in my code, and it was quite annoying.

All in all, I see the benifits of having a paperless exam. You don't have to scan the exams, everything is online, quicker grading, etc. I just wish that a little more time was spent on trying to make the experience of it more easier for students. 

This class has been exceptional, although I feel the class itself was moreso geared towards learning minor design concepts and C++ as a language, but not many of the core key concepts you should learn in an OOP class. In many of the interviews I've had, I've been asked 'What is the Singleton Pattern?', which is a question I was hoping this class would answer. Regardless, I know I have walked away a better programming having taken this class. The projects are fair, the professor is amazing, and the overall experience was unforgettable.

**Tip of the Week**

I've taken two Downing courses: Object Oriented Programming and Software Engineering. My tip to anyone reading is to take both. If not, at least try and take one Downing course during your college years. 
