---
layout: post
title:
categories: [References, Pointers, and more, Oh My!]
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

Week four down, Project 2 is underway, and I'm gearing up for Career Fair.

This week's project is implementing the Australian Voting System, a voting system that considers first preferences of ballots, as well as later preferences to reach a majority vote. After working on the project this weekend, I think the most valuable skill gained would be the ability to build a C++ class, along with its respective constructors, destructors, and overloaded operators. Although vaguely talked about in class, there is really no other way to learn these concepts unless you code them by hand yourself.

This past week in class, I got a refresher on pointers and references. I previously had exposure to them via my Operating Systems class, where we build a toy-like OS in C. However, it was nice to solidify my understanding. Reviewing can never do one any harm!

**Tip of the Week**

I discovered something pretty cool this week while reading up on a C++ Reference/Guide. C++ has a built in goto method that can jump between statements. Because of this, ironically, you can insert a http url link within your code and it will actually compile (with a warning of course). 
	
	#include <iostream>
	using namespace std;
	int main() {
        	http://www.facebook.com
        	cout << Hello World << endl;
	}

This is because the syntax of goto statements have a colon after the label. So, in the above case, the http: is the goto statement, and the //www.facebook.com is a comment.

I guess this isn't really a tip, just something nerdy cool.


