---
layout: post
title: Iterators, Generics, and No Sleep
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

The most eventful week of the year has come and gone. This past week was career fair, coupled with school, and interviews, and midterms, and project submissions, and hackathons. I think its safe to say I didn't get any sleep.

Monday marked a turn towards a new topic in class: iterators. Iterators have the ability to go through every element within the range of a container (vector, lists, etc). As I have learned recently in C++, there are varities of iterators: 
     
     - input iterators: read only, forward moving
     - output iterators: write only, forward moving
     - forward iterators: Both read and write, forward moving
     - bidirectional iterators: Read and write, forward and backward moving
     - random access iterators: read and write, random access

Wednesday we had yet another guest speaker, Alex Menzies, come in from [Jet Propulsion Laboratories](http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/). This has to be one of the coolest talks I've been to yet, simply because of all of the new and creative technologies coming about these days. Alex's specific project helped with visualizing images on Mars in a more clearer fashion for researchers. If anything, this talked reinforced my love for the field I'm currently in.

Friday was a great introduction to generics in C++. Generics help provide more versatility for functions by allowing any (appropriate type) to be passed in as a parameter. 

**Tip of the Week**

Attend a Hackathon.     
Even if you don't get enough sleep for the week.     
You'll have fun.     
You'll gain more connections.       
You'll walk away a better programmer.       


