---
layout: post
title: Get the Gist
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

This past week in OOP consisted of writing more C++ std algorithms, learning lambda expressions (and the respective synatx), and implementing iterators and iterable containers. I remember learning these exact topics back in Downing's Software Engineering class, and its interesting to see how languages can be similar and differ syntactically. It goes to show that some languages shine where others don't. 

Lambda expressions are the most obscure to me at the moment (which is why I am going to write about them to gain the familiarity I'm lacking). Lambda expressions are a way of encapsulating a function right at the location it is envoked, as well as any local variables it utilizes. I can see many benefits using them, one being convenience. You can declare a method in the same place you are going to use it. It saves the overhead of having to declare a new function, especially if it will only be used once.

This upcoming Thursday marks our first exam. In light this, I feel it was quite fair for Downing to have taught all the necessary material this past week. Having a weekend to review material is always a blessing.  


**Tip of the Week**

GitHub's Gists are a great way to create random code snippets and host them online. What I have also found is that they are a great way to study for tests. Here is a code snippet of a custom stack I am creating. It might be helpful to study for the test: https://gist.github.com/kahlih/d8692e1b58376974aa0b

