---
layout: post
title: Open Source and Darwin
categories: []
tags: [CS373 Summer 2015]
fullview: true
---
Overview of the Week:     
          *  Darwin Introduction, the class project that acts as a gateway into Object Oriented Desgin     
          *  Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile gave a talk during our class      
          *  Analogous to the previous week when we built vector, we implemented a custom stack function with the proper functionality      
          *  I learned the power of git reset --hard (I am sad)     

Conrad Stolls' talk this past Wednesday was a great shift from the other talks we've had with other Software Developers. He centered his talk around the value of Open Source. You could be wanting to extend someone's work to implement more functionality, or improve it with bug fixes, dependency updates, etc. Or, you could have an amazing idea, and push a starter version of the project that is open for the public to revise. Regardless of which contribution you make, you'll learn along the way and better the product you touch.  

This week's focus has been primarily on our fourth project: Darwin. The abstract view of Darwin is simple: you have a grid of Creatures that move about this board given a directionality and a set of instructions. The program is comprised of 3 classes: Instructions, Species, and Creatures (and of course, Darwin, that manages the board). Some things I have learned are: getters and setters are bad, friends are good, and you don't have to implement an entire iterator class to create a type iterator.

**Tip of the Week**

Friendship doesn't have to be specified via function calls, but between classes. By doing this, you can allow certain classes to access private and protected members of another class. My partner and I have found this to be helpful in our current project. Link [here](http://www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/inheritance/).

